README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Update README.md with explanation of the code
Communication and thought process!

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


## Component Breakdown
The `ImageBox` component represents a box containing an image and title. The main component, `App`, renders a collection of `ImageBox` components.

## State Management
The `App` component uses the `useState` hook to manage two states: `loadedImages` and `selectedImage`. The `loadedImages` state keeps track of the positions of images that have been loaded, and the `selectedImage` state holds the URL of the currently selected image.

## Image Loading and Click Handling
The `ImageBox` component receives the necessary props to handle image loading and click events. It utilizes the `loadedImages` state to determine if the image is loaded and displays a spinner while the image is being loaded. Clicking on an `ImageBox` triggers the `handleImageClick` function, which sets the `selectedImage` state to the URL of the clicked image.

## Image Close Functionality
The `handleCloseImage` function is called when the overlay is clicked, and it sets the `selectedImage` state to `null`, effectively closing the overlay.

## useEffect for Key Event Handling
The `useEffect` hook is used to add and remove an event listener for the `keydown` event. When the escape key (key code 27) is pressed, the `handleCloseImage` function is called to close the currently displayed image.

## Rendering Components
The `App` component renders a collection of `ImageBox` components by mapping over the `Records` array. The first three records are displayed in the first row, while the remaining records are displayed in the second row.

## Overlay Display
If the `selectedImage` state is not `null`, an overlay is displayed with the selected image in a larger view. Clicking on the overlay triggers the `handleCloseImage` function to close the overlay.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
